Update courses.md (#13)
rmjordas/awesome-vue: content/resources/courses.md

# Courses

- [Learn Vue by Building and Deploying a CRUD App](https://testdriven.io/courses/learn-vue/) - This course is focused on teaching the fundamentals of Vue by building and testing a web application using Test-Driven Development (TDD)

> - [Introduction to Vue.js](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/vue/) - An introductory course that explores the basics of features like directivesand modifiers, and concepts lke conponents, reactive programming, Nuxt.js, and Vuex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Introduction to Vue.js](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/vue/) - An introductory course that explores the basics of features like directives and modifiers, and concepts like components, reactive programming, Nuxt.js, and Vuex
```

Author: Yeah @rmjordas. The course was very useful for me and a lot of people I know who write Vue.js I'll fix the typos right away.
